Product update: enhancements and bug fixes changelog (#402)
bump-sh/docs: src/_product-updates/2025-09-29-documentation-enhancements-and-fixes.md

---
title: Documentation enhancements and fixes
tags: [Improvement]
---
While achieving milestones on larger projects, we’ve also made many quality-of-life enhancements and bug fixes. Here's the changelog:

Enhancements:
- [Custom meta tags](/help/specification-support/meta-tags/) can now be added to the head of your documentation,
- Dead anchors now redirect to their parent operation instead of the top of the documentation,
- In Embed mode, the search placeholders now specify their context (« Search API documentation » vs « Search hub »), so users can differentiate the global search from the documentaion portal search, 
- A confirmation modal has been added to the API Explorer before sending destructive requests to avoid unwanted losses,
- The scrolling experience has been globally reworked to ensure its stability,

> - When using groups to categorize your API documentation inside your hub, you now have the option to only display the ones from the same category in the documentation selector of a documentation,

Author: Yes, that's difficult to understand, and quite specific... You know, it's the feature Redpanda uses that allow them to only display docs from the same group, in the "doc selector" of an API doc.

Do you have a better wording for it?

> - When using groups to categorize your API documentation inside your hub, you now have the option to only display the ones from the same category in the documentation selector of a documentation,

Reviewer: I agree, but overall the whole “documentation selector” of hubs isn't that clear too haha

> - When using groups to categorize your API documentation inside your hub, you now have the option to only display the ones from the same category in the documentation selector of a documentation,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Hub categories can now filter the documentation selector in the top navigation bar. This way, readers only see relevant docs from the same category, improving navigation for them and giving admins clearer control over doc organization,
```

Reviewer 2: In any case, this also deserves a doc update, and linking to it there should be helpful https://docs.bump.sh/help/hubs/create-and-manage-hubs/#group-by-categories (then we can have longer texts, screenshots,etc.)

- The browser window.title is now automatically updated when scrolling between operations to display the current navigation context,

> - Highlights now work for subtitles inside x-topics, and global/operation descriptions,

Reviewer 2: no, highlights being plural 😄

- [x-feedbackLink](/help/publish-documentation/feedback/) now works with Swagger 2.0 documentation,
- Groups in the navigation bar are now collapsible, to facilitate the navigation between groups containing many operations,
- The "add custom domain" module has been reworked to provide better explanations and error messages,
- Branches can now be [sorted alphabetically in ascending and descending order](/help/publish-documentation/branching/#sort-branches),
- Skeletons for previews have been enhanced,
- x-state badges can now have [custom colors](/help/specification-support/doc-badges/#custom-color),

> - Accordions can now be added in Markdown using `<details>` and `<summary>` tags,

Reviewer 2: We should document this under https://docs.bump.sh/help/documentation-experience/markdown-support/
